We graduated in June, got married in July, had a child and of him.
Well, it was a happy time.
At one point, two witnesses knocked on my door and they showed me song 8318.
God's name is Java.
They offered a Bible study, but my study only lasted two to three weeks.
We got a car.
We started going to parties, starting to smoke, have drugs, getting drunk.
We did all these things that really tore our marriage apart.
We thought moving away from our town and our old associates would help.
It was worse than ever.
Baseball was more important to me than even my wife.
I had a real problem with headshot.
There were times when I felt like I was smarter than him.
So I felt like I could make a better decision than he could make.
In time, Zaina left me for another person and that's what really hurt me.
Zaina had a hard time with drugs and so forth.
That's when I got custody of the kids.
I decided at that moment I was done and Jehovah popped into my head.
I remember getting down and telling Jehovah,
just show me what to do.
I went through the telephone book and looked up Jehovah's Witnesses.
They gave me a book, a family life book.
I showed him that book and I told him,
had we applied this in our marriage from the beginning,
our marriage would have never broke up.
My mind was going really, really,
but I see she was doing things in a spiritual way.
She stopped doing drugs and I just saw her mannerism change.
And that short period of time, things got better and better.
And then I started studying the Bible with Zaina.
As when things start, click it.
One of the scriptures that helped me to rebuild our marriage
is 1 Corinthians 113.
Art is my head.
I am not the head.
Knowing that everybody but Jehovah has a head,
I view that as a protection.
Now I don't have to make decisions on my own.
Galatians chapter 5, verse 22, 23,
that helped me to show love to be a better husband,
a better father, and I always treated like a lady.
Listen to her viewpoints and things like that.
I remarried Arthur on April 2, 1979.
I would tell someone who is struggling in their marriage now,
apply Bible principles, apply them.
We learn to be a family with Jehovah.
And that's why we can deal with the problems that we have to face every day.
The second time around is so much sweeter with Jehovah in the picture.